Expose Kubevirt log verbosity to HCO CR (#1718)
kubevirt/hyperconverged-cluster-operator: docs/cluster-configuration.md

    annotation_name="kubevirt.kubevirt.io/jsonpatch"
    severity=info
```

> ## Log verbosity

Reviewer: Please move up. The HyperConverged formal API should be one after the other. The jsonpatch should remain the last section. Let's put it after the `## Configure custom golden images` section and before the `## Workloads protection on uninstall` section.

Author: Done

    annotation_name="kubevirt.kubevirt.io/jsonpatch"
    severity=info
```
## Log verbosity
Currently logging verbosity is only supported for Kubevirt.

### Kubevirt

> In order to define logging verbosity for Kubevirt, the following can be done:

Reviewer 2: I think this would sound better:
```suggestion
In order to define logging verbosity for Kubevirt, the following can be configured on HyperConverged CR:
```

```yaml
kind: HyperConverged
metadata:
  name: kubevirt-hyperconverged
spec:
  logVerbosityConfig:
    kubevirt:
      virtLauncher: 8
      virtHandler: 4
      virtController: 1

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think an example for `nodeVerbosity` would be helpful, since it's in the API

    annotation_name="kubevirt.kubevirt.io/jsonpatch"
    severity=info
```
## Log verbosity
Currently logging verbosity is only supported for Kubevirt.

### Kubevirt

> In order to define logging verbosity for Kubevirt, the following can be configured on HyperConverged CR:

Reviewer: As a reader of this documentation, I find it a bit crypt. I would add some more details. For example, what are the options under the `kubevirt` field? should I have to list all of them? What are the numbers? what is the range of them (e.g. 8 seems to be out of range). If you have a link that explains all of it in kubevirt project/api, please add it.

Author: I understand your feeling, but these knobs are defined within Kubevirt as a developer configuration - maybe that's why it isn't really documented or well defined (yet).

> what are the options under the kubevirt field?

See what I at the bottom: "All the values defined [here](https://kubevirt.io/api-reference/master/definitions.html#_v1_logverbosity) can be applied". I've avoided re-writing them here intentionally - if they would change in the future this docs would become obsolete.

> should I have to list all of them?

You're not and it's also in the API link I've added - but I can add it explicitly if you insist - although again I think it's problematic for the same reason. This API could change in the future, we better write it in a single place and reference it from other places.

> What are the numbers? what is the range of them (e.g. 8 seems to be out of range)

As I've said, this is not well defined nor documented, and can change in the future. 8 is a complete valid value.

> In addition to the inline comment, please also remove the ##### Higher Log Verbosity chapter in docs/cluster-
configuration.md

Done :+1:

Reviewer: I guess I wasn't clear. The questions above are not for the code review, but questions that the readers may ask themselves. I another words, I think we need more verbose documentation.

Reviewer: @iholder-redhat ^^^
